Amy: Life with the Doctor
was like this --
aah!
Real life?
Was like this --
[ Beep ]
It's Lens Opticians.
Just to remind you
your reading glasses
are ready
for collection. Bye!
Milk, two months
out of date.
Yogurt -- aah!
Don't ask.
We've run out of
washing tablets.
We have two lives:
Real life
and Doctor life.
It doesn't feel like
real life gets
much of a look-in.
What do we do?
Choose.
[ TARDIS engines ]
Not today, though.
Nah, not today.
Every time we flew away
with the Doctor,
we'd just become part
of his life,
but he never
stood still long enough
to become part of ours.
Except, once...
The year of
the slow invasion.
The time the Doctor
came to stay.
♪ Dr. Who 7x04 ♪
The Power of Three
Original Air Date on September 22, 2012
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[ Ringing doorbell
incessantly ]
Dad, it's half-past
6:00 in the morning.
What are you doing
lying around?
Haven't you seen them?
Rory: What are they?
Nobody knows.
But they're
everywhere.
Well, where have
they come from?
Wait.
Doctor.
Invasion of
the very small cubes.
That's new.
World leaders are
appealing for calm.
The global appearance of
millions of small cubes.
Despite official
warnings,
people have been
taking the cubes
from the streets,
into offices and homes.
-What are they?
Where did they come from?
-And why are they here?
Well, they're certainly not
random space debris.
They're too perfectly
formed for that.
Are they extraterrestrial
in origin?
Well, you'll have to ask
a better man than me.
All absolutely
identical.
Not a single molecule's
difference between them.
No blemishes, imperfections,
individualities.
What if
they're bombs?
Billions
of tiny bombs.
Or transport
capsules, maybe,
with a minirobot
inside.
Or deadly
hard drives.
Or alien eggs.
Or messages
needing decoding.
Or they're all parts
of a bigger whole.
Jigsaw puzzles that need
fitting together.
Very thorough, Brian.
Very, very thorough.
Well done.
Stay here.
Watch these. Yell
if anything happens.
Doctor, is this
an alien invasion?
Because that's
what it feels like.
There couldn't be
life forms
in every cube,
could there?
I don't know.
And I really don't
like not kwing.
Right, I need to use
your kitchen as a lab,
cook up some cubes,
see what happens.
Right.
I'm due at work.
What?
You've got a job?
Yeah, of course
I've got a job.
What do you think we do
when we're not with you?
I imagine
mostly kissing.
I write travel articles
for magazines
and Rory heals the sick.
My shift starts
in an hour.
You don't know where
my scrubs are?
In the lounge,
where you left them.
Approach each side.
Nonterrestrial
life form detected.
Target unconfirmed.
May be hostile.
Approaching
source now.
Area will be secure
in 60 seconds.
Ultimate force
available.
Ehh, the Ponds.
With their house
and their jobs
and their
everyday lives.
The journalist
and the nurse.
Long way
from Leadworth.
We think it's been
10 years.
Not for you
or Earth,
but for us.
10 years older,
10 years of you.
On and off.
Look at you now.
All grown up.
[ Battering door ]
Block the rear entrances.
Clear!
Cut -- power line.
Trap one.
Kitchen secured.
Trap three.
Back garden secured.
There are soldiers
all over my house
and I'm in my pants.
My whole life, I've
dreamed of saying that,
and I miss it by
being someone else.
All these muscles, and they
still don't know how to knock.
Sorry about the
raucous entrance.
Spike in artron energy
reading at this address.
In the light
of the last 24 hours,
we had to check it
out and, uh,
the dogs do love
a runout.
Hello.
Kate Stewart,
head of scientific
research at UNIT.
And, with dress
sense like that...
[ Processing ]
[ Heartbeats ]
You must be
the Doctor.
I hoped it'd be you.
Tell me, since when
did science
run the military,
Kate?
Since me. UNIT's
been adapting.
Well, I dragged
them along.
Kicking and screaming,
which made it sound like
more fun than
it actually was.
What do we know
about these cubes?
Far less than
we need to.
We've been freighting them
in from around the world
for testing. So far,
we've subjected them
to temperatures
of +/-200° celsius,
simulated a water
depth of 5 miles,
dropped one out of
a helicopter at 10,000 feet
and rolled
our best tank over it.
Always intact.
That's impressive. I don't
want them to be impressive.
I want them vulnerable,
with a nice achilles's heel.
We don't know how
they got here,
what they're made of,
or why they're here.
And all around the world,
people are picking them up
and taking them home.
Like iPads have dropped
out of the sky.
Taking them to work,
taking pictures, making
films, posting them
on Flickr and YouTube.
Within 3 hours,
the cubes had 1,000
separate Twitter accounts.
Twitter!
I've recommended we treat
this as a hostile incursion.
Gather them all up
and lock them
in a secure facility, but
that would take massive
international agreement
and cooperation.
We need evidence.
The cubes arrived
in plain sight,
in vast quantities,
as the sun rose.
So what does that
tell us?
Maybe they wanted
to be seen, noticed.
Well, more than that.
They want to be observed.
So we observe them.
Stay with them,
round the clock.
Watch the cubes.
Day and night.
Record absolutely
everything about them.
Team cube,
in it together.
Four days.
Nothing!
Not a single change
in any cube,
anywhere in the world.
Four days! And I'm still
in your lounge!
You were the one who
wanted to observe them.
Yes, well, I thought they'd
do something, didn't I?
Not just sit there while
everyone eats endless cereal!
You said we had to
be patient.
Yes, you, you! Not me!
I hate being patient!
Patience is
for wimps!
I can't live
like this.
Don't make me.
I need to be busy.
Fine!
Be busy!
We'll watch
the cubes!
Yes.
98, 99, 100.
Amy!
4,999,000,
5 million.
That's better.
Nothing like a bit of
activity to pass the time.
How long was I gone?
Uh, about an hour.
I can't do it.
No.
Where are you
going?
Brian!
You're still here.
You told me
to watch the cubes.
Four days ago.
Oh! Doesn't time fly when
you're alone with your thoughts.
You can't just
leave, Doctor.
Yes, course I can.
Quick jaunt.
Restore sanity.
Ooh! [Snaps fingers]
Hey!
Come, if you like.
They can't just
go off like that.
Can't they? Can't you? That's
how it goes, isn't it?
I've got my job.
Oh, yes, Rory,
the universe is awaiting,
but you have a little
job to go to.
It's not little.
It's important to me.
Look, what you do
isn't all there is.
I never said
it was.
All right, fine.
I'll be back, soon.
Monitor the cubes.
Call me.
[Snaps fingers]
I'll have the TARDIS set
to every Earth newsfeed.
The end of a week
of cubic questions
and theories,
but no answers.
Could this be the greatest
stealth marketing campaign
in business history?
And, if it is,
will those behind it
ever come forward
and explain exactly
what it's for?
[ Music pulses ]
I'm so pleased
for you two.
It's about time you made
an honest woman of her.
Amy.
About bridesmaids.
You've missed
quite a few things
the last year
or two.
I'm so totally there.
Whatever you need.
Everyone here
loves you --
the nurses,
the doctors.
You're a lifesaver, mate, literally.
Ha ha! Well, thanks.
But there are months
when we don't see you.
We can't do
without you.
I want you to go
full-time.
Full-time?
Blimey. Uh --
I said yes.
I committed.
And I committed
to being a bridesmaid,
months in advance, like I
know I'm going to be here.
So the Doctor's
God knows where,
the cubes aren't doing
anything at all.
Did real life
just get started?
I like it.
So do I.
Brian's log.
Day 67.
You can't
call it that.
"Brian's log"?
Brian's log.
Day 67.
Cube was quiet
all night, once again.
all day.
As per previously,
no movement,
no change
in measurements.
End of entry.
You stay up and watch
it all the time?
I film it
while I'm asleep.
When I wake up,
I watch the footage
on fast-forward.
I email the result
to UNIT.
My middle name is
diligence.
Wow!
I can't wait to see
day 68.
Don't mock my log.
I'm doing what
the Doctor asked.
Slade: ♪ are you
hanging up ♪
♪ the stockings
on your wall? ♪
Uh, Mr. Ryan,
please.
Again?
♪ It's the time that
every Santa has a ball ♪
♪ does he ride
a red-nosed reindeer? ♪
[ Sigh ]
I'm fine.
I've been done.
What seems to be
the matter?
I'm just waiting
for a prescription.
Where does it hurt?
I said, "I'm fine."
Will you tell your
colleague here that I --
stop!
What?
Aah!
Aaah! Aaaaah!
Hey! Doctor,
it's me. Hello.
So, the U.N.
classified the cubes
as "provisionally safe,"
whatever that means,
and Banksy and Damien Hirst
put out a statement saying
the cubes are nothing to do
with them. And the cubes?
Well, they're just...
here, still.
What's it been,
9 months?
People are just
taking them for granted.
Maybe we'll never know
why they came,
but, anyway, I got
to Laura's wedding.
It was great.
She's here tonight.
Being as it's our
wedding anniversary,
we thought you might've
dropped by.
I left you messages.
I know!
Happy anniversary!
Come with me.
And bring your husband.
[Clap-clap]
[ Engines ]
26th of June 1819.
The recently opened
Savoy Hotel.
Dinner, bed,
and breakfast for two.
Bonjour, bonjour,
merci, Auguste.
You'll be back before
the party's over.
They won't even
notice you went.
No complications,
I promise.
Mwah!
Ooh!
[ Laughs ]
[ Squeal ]
Bit of a shock,
Zygon ship
under the Savoy,
half the staff
imposters.
Still! It's all
fixed now, eh?
Turn the light off!
Amy: [Cross] I thought
we were going home!
You can't miss a good wedding.
Under the bed. Under the bed!
[ Walking stick thumping ]
Man: King of England!
It wasn't my fault.
It was totally your fault.
Somebody was talking
and I just said "yes."
To wedding vows.
You just married
Henry VIII
on our anniversary.
[ Sneeze ]
Sorry.
[ Cheering ]
Whoo ooh ooh!
Amy: Hey! Hey!
How long
were they away?
I don't know what you're
talking about, Brian.
Because they're wearing
totally different
clothes
from earlier.
Seven weeks.
I got sidetracked.
A lot.
What happened
to the other people
who traveled with you?
Uh,
some left me,
some got left
behind,
and some --
not many, but --
some died.
Not them.
Not them, Brian.
Never them.
Can I...
stay here?
With you.
And Rory.
For a bit.
Keep an eye
on the cubes.
However long
that takes.
I thought it would
drive you mad.
No. No no.
I mean, I'll be better
at it this time.
I...
[ Fingers shrub ]
miss you.
Brian's log.
Day 361.
8:50 pm.
No movement.
And I am
cream crackered.
I sent you out
to sell as many cubes
as you could in 24 hours
and look at you,
you've made a right hash
of it, haven't you?
Well, Craig,
you're fired.
If I had
a restaurant,
this would be
all I'd serve.
Yeah, right.
You, running
a restaurant.
I've run
restaurants.
Who do you think invented
the Yorkshire pudding?
[ Chuckle ]
You didn't.
Pudding,
yet savory.
Sound familiar?
[ Vibrating ]
Ahem.
[ Gasp ]
Oh, no!
Do it again.
God job, mister.
Civilization saved,
surfaces wiped.
What more could
any woman ask for?
[ Chuckle ]
I mean it.
Where's the Doctor?
On the Wii again.
I'm going for a bath.
Oh! That's second set:
Doctor! Ha ha!
Oh, if Fred Perry
could see me now, eh?
He'd probably ask
for his shorts back.
[ Frequency
warbles ]
Ah!
[ Pulsing ]
Third set, decider.
Come on, then.
Out of the way,
dear,
I'm trying to --
Whatever you are,
this planet,
these people,
are precious to me.
And I will
defend them
to my last breath.
Is that
all you can do,
hover?
I had a metal dog
could do that.
Ooh!
Ooh,
that's clever.
What's that?
Whew!
Ooh, you really
have woken up.
Rory: Doctor!
Hi. The cube in there,
it just opened?
The cube upstairs
just spiked me
and took my pulse!
[Laughs] Really?!
Mine fired laser bolts
and, now, it's
surfing the net!
You're never going to
believe this.
My cube just moved.
It rattled.
[ Laughing ]
[ Ring ]
Hello?
Rory, mate, I'm
desperate for help.
People are saying they've
been attacked by the cubes.
It's going to be
a long night.
Okay.
I'm on my way.
I have to get to work. They
need all the help they can get.
Let me come
help out.
Take your dad to work
night, brilliant!
Okay, are you going to be
all right here? Mwah!
Keep away from the cubes.
All right.
What are you
grinning about?
We're wanted at
the Tower of London.
Sir.
Stewart: Every cube
across the whole world
activated
at the same moment.
Now we're
in business.
You sent me a message
to my psychic paper.
You know, I'm
almost impressed.
Secret base beneath
the Tower?
I hope we're not here
because we know too much.
Yes, I've got officers
trained in beheading.
Also,
ravens of death.
I like her.
Yeah.
There are 50
being monitored
and more coming in
all the time.
I don't know
how useful it is.
Every cube is
behaving individually.
There's no
meaningful pattern.
Some respond
to proximity,
some create
mood swings.
Amy: What's this one?
Try the door.
[ Vacuum breaks ]
[ "Chicken Dance"
plays ]
On a loop!
[ Whistling ]
This is the latest.
Oh, dear.
Systems breach
at the Pentagon,
China, every African nation,
the Middle East.
Stewart: I've got
governments screaming
for explanations and no
idea what to tell them.
I'm lost, Doctor.
We all are.
Don't despair, Kate.
Your dad never did.
Kate Stewart.
Heading up UNIT, changing
the way they work.
How could you not be?
Why did you drop
"Lethbridge"?
I didn't want
any favors.
Though he guided me,
even to the end.
"Science leads,"
he always told me,
said he'd learnt that
from an old friend.
We don't
let him down.
We don't let
this planet down.
[ Alert beeps ]
They've stopped.
The cubes.
Across the world.
They just shut down.
Active for 47 minutes
and then they just die?
Not dead.
Dormant, maybe.
Then why shut down?
I don't know.
I need to think.
I need some air.
Who has an
underground base?
Terrible ventilation!
The moment they arrived,
I should've made sure
they were collected
and burned.
That is what
I should've done.
How?
Nobody would've
listened.
You're thinking of
stopping, aren't you?
You and Rory.
No, no, I mean, we
haven't made a decision.
But you're
considering it.
Maybe.
I don't know.
We don't know.
Well, our lives
have changed so much.
There was a time --
there were years --
when I couldn't live
without you. [Chuckle]
Um, when just the whole
everyday thing
would drive me crazy.
But since you
dropped us back here,
since you gave us
this house,
you know,
we've built a life.
But I don't know
if I can have both.
Why?
Because they pull
at each other.
Because they pull at me
and because the traveling
is starting to feel
like running away.
That's not
what it is.
Oh, come on,
look at you.
Four days in a lounge
and you go crazy.
I'm not running away.
This is one corner
of one country,
in one continent
on one planet
that's a corner
of a galaxy,
of a universe
that is forever
growing and shrinking
and creating and
destroying and never
remaining the same for
a single millisecond
and there is so much,
so much, to see, Amy.
Because it goes
so fast.
I'm not running away
from things.
I'm running to them,
before they flare
and fade forever.
It's all right.
Our lives won't
run the same.
They can't.
One day,
soon, maybe,
you'll stop.
I've known
for a while.
Then why do you keep
coming back for us?
Because you were
the first.
The first face
this face saw.
And you were seared
onto my hearts.
Amelia Pond.
You always will be.
I'm running to you
and Rory
before you
fade from me.
Don't be nice
to me.
[Crying] I don't want
you to be nice to me.
Yeah, you do,
Pond.
And you always get
what you want.
They got
what they wanted.
What? Who did?
The cubes.
That's why they stopped.
Come on.
Kate?
Before they shut down,
they scanned everything,
from your
medical limits
to your military
response patterns.
They made a complete
assessment
of planet Earth
and its inhabitants.
That's what the surge
of activity was.
Problem with
the power?
Not possible.
We've got backups.
Hmm.
[ Pulsing ]
Doctor.
Look.
[ Pulsing ]
The Doctor:
What?
Stewart: Why do they
all say "7"?
Seven. What's
important about seven?
Seven wonders
of the world.
Seven streams
of the River Ota.
Seven sides
of a cube.
A cube has
6 sides.
Not if you count
the inside.
[ Beep ]
It has to be
a countdown.
Not in minutes.
Why would it be
minutes, Kate?
We have to get humanity
away from those cubes.
God knows what they'll do,
if they hit zero.
Get the information out
any way you can:
news channels, web sites,
radio, text messages.
People have to know that
the cubes are dangerous.
Okay, but why
is it starting now?
I mean, the cubes arrived months
ago. Why wait this long?
Because they're clever.
Allow people enough time
to collect them,
take them in to their
homes, their lives.
Humans, the great
early adopters.
And then wham!
Profile every inch
of Earth's existence.
Discover how best
to attack us.
Get that information out
any way you can. Go.
Right, every cube
was activated.
There must be signals,
energy fluctuations
on a colossal scale.
There must be
some trace.
There can't not be.
We need to think
of all the variables,
all the possibilities,
okay? Go go go go go!
This is a national
security alert.
The government advises
that members of the public
dispose of all cubes.
If there are cubes
inside your house,
remove them
immediately.
Right, get them out
of the building.
Just away from here,
as far as you can.
And get back here
before it hits zero.
Dad,
could you go
and get me
a box of tape
for dressings?
It's just the cupboard
round the corner.
Yes, boss.
Sorry, excuse me.
I'm looking for the
supplies cupboard.
I said,
"I'm looking for the
supplies cupboard."
Have you seen my dad?
No, sorry.
Hey.
Dad.
Hey!
[ Chime ]
[ Frequency
warbles ]
Doctor, please, you don't
have to do this.
She's right. You don't
have to be in there.
We can do this remotely.
Remotely isn't my style.
See you after.
Geronimo.
What's happening?
Well, what's
in there?
There is nothing
in here.
Well, that's good?
You know,
it's not bombs,
it's not aliens.
Why? Why is there
nothing inside? Why?
It doesn't make
any sense!
Glasses,
is it the same?
Is it the same
all around the world?
They're empty.
We're safe. Right?
No. No no no no. We are
very far from safe.
All along, every action
has been deliberate.
Why draw attention
to the cubes,
if they don't
contain anything?
Doctor, look.
They're CCTV feeds from
across the world,
showing the same
people are dying.
No. What? They can't
be dying. How?
How are they dying?
Stewart: I want information
on how people
are being affected.
The cubes
brought people
close together.
They opened and --
ah! Agh! Agh!
Doctor, what's
the matter?
Uh! Ah! I don't know!
[ Alarm blares ]
Posters are logging
a global surge
in heart failure,
cardiac arrest.
That's it. Ah! Ah! Oh.
Only one heart.
Other one's
not working.
Okay! I'm going to get
you to the hospital.
No no no no no!
Just a second.
Turn around, turn
around, turn around.
Come, show me.
10 seconds after
the cubes opened.
Show me the patterns in
their electrical current.
See?
No!
Yes, the power cut.
They sucked the power
and then --
aah!
They're signal boxes!
People -- wham!
Pure electrical surge
out of the cube,
targeted at the nearest
human heart.
The heart!
An organ powered
by electrical current,
short-circuited.
How to destroy
a human?
Go for the heart.
Ow!
Crikey Moses!
Doctor, the scan
you set running.
The transmitter locations.
It's found them.
Oh, look at them all,
pulsing, bold as brass.
Seven of them,
all across the world.
Ow! Seven stations,
seven minutes.
Why is that important?
Ah-aaah!
Ha ha ha ow!
Ow!
How do you people
manage one heart?
It is pitiful!
The wormhole.
Bridging
two dimensions.
Seven of them, hitched
on to this planet.
But -- but -- but
where's the closest one?
Glasses, zoom in.
That's the hospital
where Rory works.
Dad. Dad!
Just get away
from him.
How many deaths
have been recorded?
We don't know.
We think it could be
a third of
the population.
Kate, I have to find
the wormhole.
But the attacks
could still happen.
Tell the world. Tell
them how to deal this.
The world needs your
leadership right now.
I'll do my best.
Yeah, of course
you will.
Good luck.
Kate --
ahh! Agh!
Okay, how long are
you going to last
with only one heart?
Not much longer.
I need to locate
the wormhole portal.
[ Pulsing ]
Hello. Hello!
Oh.
Hello.
You are giving off some
very strange signals.
Oh, my God.
Outlier droid
monitoring
everything.
If I shut her down,
I can --
[ frequency
warbling ]
Ah.
It's all right.
Amy, I can't, Amy!
I can't do it.
I need both hearts.
Ah! Aah!
Agh!
Ah! Anh!
Ah! Ahhh!
All right,
desperate measures.
What? No!
No no no no.
That won't work.
I'm a Time Lord!
Ah, Amy!
[Gasp]
All right,
clear!
Ooh!
[ Gasping ]
Ooh! Ooh!
Welcome back,
Lefty.
Whoa-hoa!
Two hearts.
Whoo!
Back in the game.
Never do that
to me again.
[ Chime]
Oh, portal to
another dimension
in a goods lift?
[ Pulsing ]
The energy signals
converge here.
Does seem a bit
cramped, though.
[ Frequency
warbles ]
Through the looking-
glass, Amelia.
[ Laughs ]
Amy: Where are we?
The Doctor:
We're in orbit.
One dimension
to the left.
Rory!
Seborean
smelling salts.
Outlawed in
seven galaxies.
Whoa-hoa!
Whoa! What kind
of a welcome
do you call that?
Get them out of here.
You too. Now.
What are you
going to do?!
Absolutely no idea. Get
him through the portal.
[ Zap ]
Whoa!
So many of them,
crawling
the planet,
seeping into
every corner.
It's not possible.
I thought the Shakri
were a myth.
A myth to keep
the young of Gallifrey
in their place.
The Shakri exist
in all of time
and none.
We travel alone
and together.
The Seven.
The Shakri craft,
connected to Earth
through 7 portals
in 7 minutes.
Ah, but why?
Serving the word
of the Tally.
Why the cubes?
Why Earth?
Not Earth --
Humanity.
The Shakri will halt
the human plague
before the spread.
Erase humanity before
it colonizes space.
We thought the cubes
were an invasion,
the start of war.
[ Laughs ]
The human
contagion only!
Must be
eliminated.
Who are you calling
a contagion?
Oi! Didn't I tell
you two to go?
You should've
learnt, by now.
Yeah, and what is
this "Tally," anyway?
Some people call it
"Judgment Day."
Or "the Reckoning."
Don't you know?
I've never wanted
to find out.
Before
the Closure,
there is
the Tally.
The Shakri
serves the Tally!
The pest controllers
of the universe.
That's how the tales
went, isn't it?
Wow, that's
a seriously weird
bedtime story.
You can talk --
wolf in
your grandmother's
nightdress?
So!
Here you are,
depositing
slug pellets
all over the Earth,
made attractive so humans
will collect them,
hoping to find something
beautiful inside.
Because that's
what they are.
Not pests or plague --
creatures of hope,
forever building
and reaching.
Making mistakes,
of course,
every life form does,
but -- but -- they learn.
And they strive
for greater
and they achieve it.
You want a tally?
Put their achievements
against their failings,
through the whole
of time.
I will back humanity
against the Shakri
every time.
[ Laughs ]
The Tally!
Must be met.
The second wave
will be released.
What
does that mean?
It's going to release
more cubes
to kill more people.
Tell the Secretary
General it's not just
hospitals and equipment,
it's people.
Our best hope now
is each other.
Shakri:
The human plague,
breeding
and fighting.
And, when cornered,
their rage to destroy.
You're too late,
Doctor.
The Tally
shall be met.
He's gone?
He was never
really here.
Just the ship's
automated interface.
Like a talking
propaganda poster.
I can stop
the second wave.
I can disconnect all the Shakri
craft from their portals,
leave them drifting
in the dark space.
Ah, but all those people
who were near the cubes,
so many of them
will have died.
I restarted one
of your hearts.
You'd need mass
defibrillation.
Of course.
Ah, beautiful.
But, Ponds, Ponds,
we're going to go
one better than that.
The Shakri used the cubes
to turn people's hearts off.
Bingo! We're going to use them
to turn them back on again.
Will that work?
Well, creatures
of hope.
Has to.
30 seconds.
Don't let me down,
cubes.
You're working
for me, now.
Oh, dear.
All those cubes.
There's going to be
a terrible wave of energy
ricocheting around here,
any second.
Run.
I'm going to
miss this.
Aaaah!
Ooh!
Emergency hospitals
and field units
are working at full capacity
around the world
as millions of survivors
of cardiac arrest
are nursed back
to health
after an
unprecedented night
across the globe.
You --
you really are as
remarkable as dad said.
Thank you.
My! A kiss from
a Lethbridge-Stewart.
That is new.
Oh, dear.
I'm late for dinner.
Ah.
[ Laughter ]
Mmm, dear me.
I'd better get going.
Things to do.
Worlds to save,
swings to...
swing on.
Look, I know, you both
have lives here,
beautiful,
messy lives.
That is what makes you
so fabulously
human.
You don't want
to give them up.
I understand.
Actually, it's you they
can't give up, Doctor.
And I don't think
they should.
Go with him.
Go save every world
you can find.
Who else has
that chance?
Life will still
be here.
You can come, Brian.
Somebody's got to
water the plants.
Just bring them
back safe.
Amy: So that was the year
of the slow invasion,
when the Earth
got cubed
and the Doctor
came to stay.
It was also when
we realized something
the Shakri
never understood,
what "cubed"
actually means:
The power of three.
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
You don't believe that statues
can move. [ Demonic giggle ]
And you're right, they can't.
When you're looking.
New York is policed by Angels.
Every time you try to escape,
you get zapped back in time.
The city that never sleeps.
The Angels will come, and...
I think they're coming for you.
Placing someone back in time
creates time energy,
and that is what
the Angels feed on.
What the hell are you doing?!
Any ideas? Run!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org